REPORTER:
And now the latest
from Comet Watch.
Star gazers around
San Francisco
are watching the skies tonight
for Pyramids Comet.
The comet comes every 100 years
and is for the...
What are you doing?!
The comet's coming!
Oh, it'll be back
in a hundred years.
But this weekend is '70s Night
and some of us have to rehearse.
And nothing says '70s Night
like a disco ball.
Come on, Eddie, give me a hand.
No problem, Mr. B.
Hoo!
He shoots, he scores!
He holds it still.
Whoa, whoa!
Look, look, it's the comet!
Let's go check it out!
(gasps ) Whoa!
KOREY:
That's tight!
EDDIE:
Dang!
(zapping )
Whoa!
Man.
All right, people,
the show's over.
We've got two days
to turn this place
into funky town.
Come on.
Let's go.
Eddie? Hey.
♪ Hello! ♪
Hello.
Dude, are you okay?
Yeah, great.
Let's boogie down.
Come on.
(disco tune playing )
Ready?
Five, six, seven, eight.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh!
Uh-uh-uh...
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
Chelse, like the way
we rehearsed it, remember?
I'm supposed to say "Uh-huh,"
and you're supposed
to say "Oh, yeah."
Oh, yeah.
You see how good that sounds?
Uh-huh.
(whooshing )
(tinkling and whooshing )
Mr. B, watch out!
(grunts )
Oh!
That was close.
Are you okay, Eddie?
Korey, help me
clean this up.
Um, Eddie,
how did you know
that ball was going
to fall?
I don't know, Rae.
It was kind of weird.
It's like I saw it
in my head,
and then it just happened.
I think you might
have had a vision.
I did?!
I did!
Great, now everybody's
psychic but me.
♪Let's go ♪
♪ If you could gaze
into the future ♪
♪Future, future ♪
♪ You might think life
would be a breeze ♪
♪Life is a breeze ♪
♪ Seeing trouble
from a distance ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Go, Rae.
♪ But it's not that easy ♪
♪Oh, no ♪
Take it to the bridge now.
♪ I try to save the situation,
then I end up misbehaving ♪
♪ Hey, now, say, now,
'bout to break down ♪
♪ Yeah, come on and ride
with the Rae, hey ♪
♪ And if the future
looks gray now ♪
♪ Then everything's gonna
change now ♪
♪ All right, keep it going ♪
♪That's so Raven ♪
♪ It's the future I can see ♪
♪ It's so mysterious to me... ♪
♪That's so Raven ♪
♪ It's so mysterious to me,
yeah ♪
Yep, that's me.
You know what?
I bet it was
that comet.
I mean, I was holding
that disco ball
and all that energy
just zapped right into me.
Now all of a sudden
I'm seeing stuff
like I'm getting free cable
inside my head.
Great. He's psychic
and gets free cable.
You want to rub it in
a little bit more?
You guys, come on now.
One vision does
not make you psychic.
Besides, what was up
with that goofy face
you made?
Oh, yo, you mean...
(whooshing,
girls laughing )
My project!
You make a face
and have a vision
like it actually works
like that.
Oh!
Hold it. Hold it.
I believe this
belongs to you,
Katina.
Eddie, thank you.
You totally saved
my project.
Well, you can save me
from being alone
Saturday night.
Hmm... Call me.
Will do.
Okay, two things, home brah:
One, don't ever use
that pickup line
ever again
in your natural-born life.
And two:
I cannot believe
you can get a vision
whenever you want.
I made the face,
had a vision, got a date.
It's all good.
Wait, Eddie, you do
realize what this means.
Yes.
No.
It means you can't
tell anybody.
Right. Why not?
Because if you
tell people
you're psychic, Eddie,
they'll think you're a freak.
Come on, you guys.
You know why
I've been keeping it
a secret this long.
All right, all right,
I got you, Rae.
You got to keep it
on the down-low.
Yeah, keep it way down.
Keep it way down.
Underneath
the underneath stuff.
Way down underneath--
All right, I got you.
Got you.
Your visions
are amazing.
Everybody loves you.
(all agreeing )
Y'all do? Do y'all love me?
That's what I'm talking about.
Oh! Eddie's phone is still busy.
Rae, it's getting late.
We should just start
without him.
Okay.
Don't forget, you're over
there, ends right here.
(disco playing )
Okay.
Five, six, seven eight.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
And this is where
Eddie sings.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah!
And Eddie comes in again.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
This is not working out!
Oh, yeah, not working.
Getting worse!
Oh, yeah! Uh-huh!
Chelsea!
Hey, get your little grubby
hands out of there.
People got to eat that stuff.
I'm just digging for the prize.
Whoa!
Captain Toasty's
official marshmallow inspector.
You're guilty, marshmallows...
of being delicious.
Oh! Oh, no! Uh-uh.
I am taking you
off the case, Inspector.
Give me that badge.
Look what I scored
at the video store.
Undercover Disco Divas.
To help us get ready
for 70's Night.
Yeah.
Lay your eyeballs
on this hip, classic flick.
Freeze, suckers!
Dang!
It's the undercover
disco divas!
(screeches )
Sho 'nuff, sugar.
I'm Coffee.
And I'm Cream.
And you two jive turkey
bank robbers
are stone-cold busted!
We're a couple of
bad mama-jamas
and we ain't
diggin' the vibe
that you're putting down.
Ain't no foxy mamas
gonna stop our groove.
Get 'em!
(screeches )
Oh, man, we got disco down!
That'll teach 'em
to mess around with
the foxiest fuzz.
Right on, my sister.
This is so cool.
Where has this been
all my life?
(others shushing )
Hey, so did you
ever hear from Eddie?
No. And I called his house
like a zillion times.
I think his mama's starting
to get a little attitudinal
problem or something.
TINA:
Okay, people,
people, look.
Eddie here can only tell
one future at a time.
Yes.
Okay, me first.
Okay.
(whooshing )
There he goes making
that vision face.
What is up with that?
Ooh. Congratulations, girl.
You're getting
a B in bio.
Move on over here.
Excuse me now.
(chuckles )
Uh, you going
to the prom,
just not with him.
Okay, scootchie.
Hey, what's up, Eddie?
How you doing?
Can I speak to you
for a second?
Rae, actually, I'm with
my people here, you know?
Oh, what's up, people?
Get your psychic
little butt over there.
Rae...
Get it over there.
Now what?
Where were you last night?
Oh, right... the song.
Uh, well, you know,
I'm a little busy, you know,
making predictions and stuff.
Eddie, I thought
you weren't going
to tell anybody.
What is the big deal, Rae?
I mean, they have questions
and I have answers.
Just trying to keep
everybody happy,
especially the cute ones.
Ew.
I'll, uh, see you
at lunch, Edward.
Okay.
She's having a vision.
Oh, yeah?
Well, two can play
the psychic game, you know?
Oh, great, now there's
a game I can't play.
So, how's
the future?
Not like I would know
or anything.
Eddie, you and Katina,
yeah, man,
it's not looking so good.
According to my vision,
I'm getting a kiss.
According to mine,
you're getting
a kiss-off.
You're just jealous.
Of what?
Of how popular I am, Rae.
Popular?! Eddie!
You actually think
those people are
your friends?
They're just using you
to get your predictions.
Oh, yeah?
Well, here's another prediction.
I'm outta here!
Oh, come on.
I mean, even I could have
predicted that.
So, you guys still not talking
to Eddie?
No.
Ever since he became psychic,
he thinks he's all that.
Oh, come on. Eddie?
He's still the same old
humble guy.
(all chanting ):
Eddie! Eddie!
Eddie!
I'm king of the world!
Unleash me!
See? Same old humble
king of the world.
Eddie, you were right.
I got a B on my bio test.
GIRL:
Wow! Good!
Your visions are amazing.
Everybody loves you.
(approving murmurs )
Y'all do?
Do y'all love me?
You know what, Rae?
I was thinking.
You know how you never wanted
anyone knowing you were psychic
'cause you thought
they'd all think
you were like a freak
or something?
Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe you should tell 'em.
Look at Eddie.
Apparently, people like freaks.
EDDIE:
You know what I'm saying?
It was all on me.
Who thinks Eddie
should have
his own TV show?
I do.
(all agreeing )
EDDIE:
Would y'all watch that?
Okay, now that is just
ridiculous.
I mean, who would watch a show
about a teen psychic?
I know.
Hey, Eddie--
Sonny Curtis.
Remember me?
I went to your
school last year.
Sonny?! Hey, what's poppin'
with you, man?
Nothing, really. I hear
you're pretty good at
making predictions.
Yeah, it's a gift.
Word is, you're
on a hot streak.
Haven't been wrong yet.
Well, let's try a
little experiment, huh?
Take a look at these names.
Anything pop out at you?
Well, let me see
what I can whip up, you know?
(chuckles )
(whooshing )
(sighs )
Eh, well, I saw
the name "Live Wire."
That mean anything?
Well, we'll find out.
Yo, Sonny, man.
This is 20 bones.
Man, if you're as good
as you say you are,
there's a lot more
where that came from.
Well, all right, Sonny!
(laughs )
He said what?!
Don't worry.
My husband and I
are going to have
a serious talk with Corey
about this.
Hold up there,
Cool Breeze.
Corey... did you call your
teacher a "jive turkey sucker"?
Somebody had to stand up
to the man.
Mrs. Applebaum is not The Man.
Corey, how many times
did you watch
thatDisco Divas tape
your father brought home?
Just a dozen... cousin!
Just because people
act a certain way
in the movies,
doesn't mean they act that way
in real life.
Honey, when you go
to school tomorrow,
you have to apologize
to Mrs. Applebaum.
And the lunch lady, too?!
What did you say toher?
I told her without her hair net,
she looked like one foxy mama!
Eddie!
Hey.
Just like in my vision.
Aw, you're so sweet.
Now, make that
cute little face,
and tell me if
I'm going to be
captain of the
cheerleaders.
You got it, baby.
Let me see what I can do
on the face here.
(sniffles )
(whooshing, crackling )
(giggling ):
Okay, what's
wrong, Eddie?
Uh... uh...
nothing, nothing.
Uh...
(sighing ):
Let me see...
(groaning )
Is there a problem?
(grunts )
No, I just, uh...
got a lot on my mind.
This never happened
to me before.
Okay, so you're saying you
can't come up with anything?
Woman, I'm trying,
if you would stop
putting so much pressure on me.
Well, if you can'ttell me
the future, wehave no future.
(snaps fingers )
Whatever.
(pounding house music plays )
(music stops )
What...?
(house music plays )
Well, all right!
(music stops )
Like the way
I hooked you up?
Man, Sonny,
you did this, man?!
(house music plays )
(music stops )
That's funky, man!
Man, but why?
That horse you picked won.
What horse?
Live Wire.
He won the race,
and I won a bundle.
Wait a minute.
I picked a horse
for you to bet on?
Man, that's gambling, dawg.
Not when it's a sure thing.
Yeah, yeah. I guess so.
Now I need you to do
that thing you do and, uh,
pick me out another winner.
Man, I don't know
about that...
Man, look. Just make
that stupid face,
and tell me who's going to win.
Right.
(rumbling, crackling )
(muttering )
(grunts )
Sonny, I'm
getting something.
Yeah.
Mur the Blur.
Mur the Blur?
Interesting.
He's never won
a race before.
He's going to pay off
big-time.
I'm betting itall on this one.
(quietly ):
Yeah.
I guess I am, too.
I don't know, Rae.
I still wish Eddie
was doing the song
with us tonight.
(clearing throat ):
Chelsea, I thought we said
we were not going to talk
about him.
You're right.
I forgot.
Not a word.
Right.
(voice breaking ):
'Cause you know,
he decided to ditchus.
I mean, he's
all popular now.
And all the girls are like,
"Ooh, Eddie! You so cute!
"You so psychic, Eddie!
Ooh, Eddie, you got the
prettiest little eyes..."
Rae, Rae, Rae, Rae, Rae, Rae,
Rae, Rae! Calm down!
Come on, now!
Don't wig out.
(cackles )
Get it?
Like, wig-- like, wig out!
(cackles )
(whooshing )
Know what...?
Look, just be easy, okay?
Oh, my goodness, Chelsea!
I just had a vision
that Eddie's going
to be in trouble.
He's at the Chill Grill.
We gotta go and help him!
Hey, what's up, Mr. B.?
Hey, hey, hey!
(chuckles )
Hey, uh, mind if I hang out?
You know, watch a little TV?
News, sports,
horse race results.
Oh, yeah, sure!
Make yourself at home.
You know, '70s Night's
about to start in about an hour.
I need to get home and
get my boogie clothes on.
Wait, wait, Mr. B.
You're not going
to leave me here
all alone, are you?
Oh, yeah, sure.
You can stay here.
Keep an eye on the place.
That way,
I don't have to lock up.
(sighs )
Dang!
Okay... TV... TV...
NEWSCASTER:
Here's the latest
from Comet Watch.
Pyramids Comet
has left the building.
Good-bye for another
hundred years.
And good-bye
to all those wacky stories
of people claiming the comet
gave them weird powers.
Boy, there's a lot
of nuts out there.
NEWSCASTER:
In a sports update,
a new record was just set,
as Mur the Blur came in
dead last for the 27th time.
(sighs )
Man...
Some race, huh?
Sonny!
I was counting on you, man.
What happened?
Well, you know the comet
that came through the other day?
Funny thing...
There's nothing funny
about me losing my money.
See, 'cause when I lose,
you pay.
Yeah, guy, but if we were
in an opposite universe,
then I would lose,
andyou would pay!
Okay, that's still not good.
You know what?
Look, just be easy, okay?
Freeze, suckas!
What's goin' on?
Who-who are you two?
I'm Coffee.
Yeah, and I'm Cream!
And you are stone-cold
busted.
You're cops?
Yeah! I know these two.
Man, you're in
trouble now,
Sonny boy.
Sho 'nuff, 'cause we're
a couple of bad mama-jamas
who arenot digging the vibe
you been puttingdown.
What does that mean?
It means... if you stop
putting the squeeze
on my little soul
brother over there,
we're going
to forget
this ever happened.
You dig? You dig?
You di...?
Hey, wait
a second.
What kind of
cops are you?
"Cap'n Toasty's Official
Marshmallow Inspector."
Hey, man!
It is a tough job, okay?
You ever try handcuffing
a marshmallow? It's really hard.
They get really sticky,
and then the ring around...
it just gets so...
Cream, Cream,
Cream, Cream!
Yeah.
I'll handle it.
Okay.
We are two foxy mamas
you just don't want
to mess with.
♪ Get down ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
Hey, knock it off!
There's noway
you two are cops.
Are totally.
Enough!
You guys are goingdown.
Wait, hold up, man.
Look, I picked
the horse, and you bet.
They had nothing to do
with it, Sonny.
You're right.
You're going down.
Freeze, sucka!
Put your hands
in the air!
♪ And wave 'em
like you just don't care ♪
Hey!
What's going on?!
It's '70s Night, my brother.
Where's your threads?
TONYA:
Wait a minute.
Aren't you Gloria
and George's little boy?
Sanford!
I'm Sonny now.
Well, Sonny Now, so,
what have you been up to?
Oh, I'll tell you, Dad.
A little bit of,
little bit of gambling,
threatening Eddie--
little bit of that.
That's none
of your business.
Oh, it's going to be
yourmother's business,
when I call her.
Oh, come on!
You're not really going
to call my mom.
Victor, your
phone, please.
Come on, please
don't call my mom!
I'll be grounded
for a year. Come on.
AndI was afraid
of that guy?!
You can run,
but I'm still calling
your mother, Sanford.
So, uh...
you guys okay?
Yeah, Dad, we're
cool, thanks.
Yeah, good looking out,
Mr. B.
Hey, you mind
giving us a minute?
That is, if these guys
are still talking to me.
You got it, Brother Man.
Wait, wait.
Rae, Chelse...
How did you know
I was in trouble?
I had a vision.
I mean, I can't get them
when I want to,
but when I do, you know,
they come in handy, don't they?
Well, mine are gone,
and I'm actually pretty glad.
I mean,
'cause this whole psychic thing
is just way more complicated
than I thought, you know, Rae?
Well, you know, she
tried to tell you.
Eddie, listen, okay?
I have been
going through this
my entire life, and I still
don't know how they work.
So, we, uh...
still friends?
That depends, man.
I mean...
can you get down
and funky?
Oh, sho 'nuff,
my sistas!
♪ Take it down! ♪
Freeze, suckas!
It's party time.
Mr. Big's in town, so let's...
♪ Get down! ♪
(disco music plays )
♪ Get down and boogie ♪
♪ Get down tonight ♪
♪ Oh, get down... ♪
♪ Boogie! ♪
(song ends )
(whooping )
Brothas and sistas,
let's give a funky
'70s Night welcome
to Eddie "Brotha Man" Thomas
and his Foxy Ladies.
(whistling and cheering )
(disco music plays )
♪ Uh-huh! ♪
♪ Oh, yeah! ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ I'm a real funky dude
in a crazy disco mood ♪
♪ I'm one bad brotha
who dances like their... ♪
♪ Shut yo' mouth! ♪
♪ Ain't gonna take no jive,
'cause I'm feelin' so alive ♪
♪ Huh, let's work it down,
and shake it all around ♪
♪ He's a disco dude
in a crazy, funky mood ♪
♪ He's looking so hot
that he just can't stop... ♪